Add gamebosu and edit install method page to new design (#25)
Rurusetto/rurusetto: content/posts/gamebosu/index.md

---
title: "gamebosu"
img: "gamebosu-logo.png"
date: 2021-05-13
summary: "🕹 A custom ruleset for osu!lazer that adds a playable gameboy."
---

# status

- Status : Active development
- Last Update : 2021.514.0
- Can import and play without error : Yes

# overview

- Creator : [Game4all](https://github.com/Game4all)
- Availability : Available Publicly
- GitHub Repositories : [Game4all/gamebosu](https://github.com/Game4all/gamebosu)

> Gamebosu is a rulesets that can make osu! play gameboy. The ruleset is developed by Game4all.

Reviewer: Gamebosu is a ruleset that emulates a gameboy, and allows for playing gameboy ROMs. The ruleset is developed by Game4All.

# gameplay

> Player can install gameboy or gameboy color ROM files and play it on this rulesets. Play by select any song in the game, let the song continue and play gameboy! (Even the song end, you can play it until you quit a song). See install rom method [here](https://github.com/Game4all/gamebosu#installation-instructions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Player can install gameboy or gameboy color ROM files and play it on this rulesets. You can start playing by selecting any beatmap in the game! (You can continue playing even after the beatmap ends). See ROM installation method [here](https://github.com/Game4all/gamebosu#installation-instructions).
```

# controls

> A control is based on gameboy and player can only play on keyboard now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Controls are based on gameboy and player can only play using keyboard at the moment.
```

### default controls

- DPad Left - `LEFT`
- DPad Right - `RIGHT`
- DPad Up - `UP`
- DPad Down - `DOWN`
- Increment clock rate - `PGUP`
- Decrement clock rate - `PGDN`
- A Button - `A`
- B Button - `B`
- Select Button - `ENTER`
- Start Button - `BACKSP`

# mods

No mods available

# settings

Player can adjust

> - `Gameplay Clocl rate` by a slider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Gameplay Clock rate` via a slider
```

> - `Lock gameboy clock rate` by a toggle button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Lock gameboy clock rate` via a toggle button
```

- `Prefer Gameboy Color mode when launching original gameboy ROMs` by a toggle button

> - `Gameboy Scale` by a slider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Gameboy Scale` via a slider
```

> - `Enable Sound Playback (VERY EXPERIMENTAL)` by a toggle button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Enable Sound Playback (VERY EXPERIMENTAL)` via a toggle button
```

> and player can `Open ROMs folder` and `Delete ROM save data` from settings menu too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The player is able to `Open ROMs folder` and `Delete ROM save data` from settings menu too.
```
